§3This mortal you speak of, has potential...

§2PLAYERNAME?

§3Yes. PLAYERNAME, that was this individual's name.

§2Does it even matter? Their fates are very we-

§3I'm quite aware of that fact. Whether or not they have the capacity to learn something that is far infinitely greater than them is-

§2I believe they do not have that capacity, nor will they.

§3That is too soon to say. The consequences of their wisdom will be the judge of their actions.

§2You're putting too much faith in these mortals! This only lead to their downfall.

§3Theirs or ours? You show too little faith in them.

§2Do not be so attach to them! Your tendency for sympathy will only impede the prosecution of their judgement.

§3And without that sympathy, we are no better tha-

§2No! We are far greater than those §f§k§a§b§3.

§3Are we so different? But, enough of that talk. Tt looks like the humans have finally reached The §f§k§a§b§3, and are attempting to slay the §f§k§a§b§3 dragon for §f§k§a§b§3, in this §f§k§a§b§3.

§2Oh? To use an Eye of §f§k§a§b§2 to reach this realm through The §f§k§a§b§2 portal. These mortals are quite crafty...

§3It did not take them very long to figure out how to eliminate this dragon. Their prideful and cunning nature to see through the end of any battle is a commendable trait.

§2I believe it to be only luck PLAYERNAME have made it this far. Whether this mortal did it alone or with others, does not matter.

§3Luck is also considered skill my §f§k§a§b§3, although it only favors on what Lady Fate will allow. Hmm?

§2Ah... So, it's finally done. PLAYERNAME has slain the §f§k§a§b§2 dragon. This will only further seal their §f§k§a§b§2

§3Yes, that much is unfortunately true. Though with each §f§k§a§b§3 they improve, adapt, and overcome. Interesting...

§2But, that should be impossible! No mere mortals, however strong or numerous, can defeat an §f§k§a§b§2 dragon! What kind of scheme are you playing here?

§3Rest assured, my §f§k§a§b§3 I am merely exercising my duties as §f§k§a§b§3. I have not shown any true involvement.

§2Gifting them this kind of benevolence will only imp-

§3I think I have heard ENOUGH! How is it that we are §f§k§a§b§3, if we cannot even fulfill our duties.

§2For that, I do not know. The §f§k§a§b§2 will have a better answer to that question.

§3And because of that we cannot be on the same side. Both on the opposite ends of the spectrum.

§2A coin of two different ideals. Both on the same end.

§3Indeed.

§2Then will you take that mortal as your chosen champion?

§3Yes, but I will not directly help for we must uphold our laws of the §f§k§a§b§3.

§2With that logic, I will do everything in my power to counter your altruism.

§3So be it then...

§2The Champio-

§3Use the mortal's name!

§2PLAYERNAME. The Chosen Champion of the §f§k§a§b§2 will be the adversary of my Knights of the §f§k§a§b§3.

§3Agreed.

§2Then shall we begin?

§3Through the powers of the father sun and mother moon. Ancestral stars of the living and dead spirits of mortality. Then the §f§k§a§b§3, and demons. The infernal and heavenly realms of power. The world changes. As we do not.

§2We as the §f§k§a§b§2. We are everything you think isn't you. You are looking at us now, through your skin and your eyes. To know you. And to be known. A story shall be told.

§2Once upon a time, there was a mortal. A Rival.

§3That mortal will be you, PLAYERNAME.

§3A Chosen Champion upon my name.

§2The Rival who dreamed it was a miner, on the surface of a world that was flat, and infinite. The sun was a square of white. The days were short; there was much to do; and death was a temporary inconvenience.

§3The Champion who dreamed it was lost in a story.

§2The Rival who dreamed it was other things, in other places.

§3The Champion who dreamed it was a hero of another time.

§2A §f§k§a§b§2 dream.

§2The essence of this mortal that will scatter in the grass, in the rivers, in the air, in the ground. A woman will gather those essence; she will absorb and inhale it; and the woman will assemble the champion, in her womb.

§3And the champion will awaken, from the warm, dark world of its mother's body, into the long dream.

§2And the rival will have a new story, never told before, written in letters of its soul. A new human, never alive before, made from nothing but love and fear.

§3You are the champion. The story. The character. The mortal.

§3You. You. You are alive.

§3And the universe will savor your existence.

§2And the universe will endure your presence.

§3And the universe will be grateful for your upbringing.

§2And the universe will be disheartened by your falling.

§3And the universe will crave for your help.

§2And the universe will despise your involvement.

§3And the universe will stand by you till the end.

§2And the universe will leave your side at any moment.

§3And the universe must give you a path of glory.

§2And the universe must bring challenges to stop you.

§3And for that, the §f§k§a§b§3 was over and the champion woke up from the dream. Here lies a new dream. A better dream, but a different one. And the champion was the universe.

§3You are my chosen champion, PLAYERNAME

§2IT IS TIME FOR YOU TO AWAKEN MORTAL!
